# Panama_plant_species_lists

This github repository is intended to provide an up-to-date database of scientific names of plants (with an emphasis on woody plants) in Panama in general and in specific study sites in Panama in particular, 
together with their 6-letter and 4-letter codes (as used in Smithsonian research), and histories of changes in species names associated with these codes. 

# Contributors

Helene C. Muller-Landau created this github repository and wrote the initial code.  Paula Uzcategui contributed substantially to the code for merging in BCI species lists from Panamabiota and Garwood 2009.  Antoine Caron-Guay contributed code for generating the Labelbox lists, which includes linking to GBIF taxon ID.  

The readme for the splists_raw directory includes information on the authors of the raw/original species lists.  *Please make sure to appropriately credit the list authors.*   

# Directories

**labelbox_lists** contains species and complete (species, genera and families) lists for Labelbox project with GBIF taxon ID.  It has its own readme.

**scripts** contains R scripts for processing the species lists.

**splists_raw**  contains the "raw" or original files of species lists as received from others.  It has its own readme.  

**splists_out** contains processed species lists for output.  It has its own readme.  

**splists_mid**  contains intermediate species lists generated by code that have some changes from raw but are not yet final; for example, with information added from running binomials through the TNRS Taxonomic Name Resolution Service. 

**tocheck** contains files generated to enable manual / other checks of potentially problematic records.




